Transcode image format (#102)
pelican-plugins/image-process: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "article-image": (["scale_in 300 300 True"], "webp")
```

For consistency with the alternate syntax below.

list of operations specified, and replace the `src` attribute with the
URL of the transformed image.

You can also transcode the image from one image format into another, for

> example, from `png` to `webp`. Supported are all image formats the are also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, from `png` to `webp`. Supported are all image formats that are also
```

attribute of the image. This is the image that will be displayed by
browsers that do not support the `srcset` syntax.

> Both, the `crisp` and the `large-photo` definitions above, also demonstrate how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both definitions above also demonstrate how
```

the input image may be transcoded into another file format. This allows you to

> transcode your original image from - for example - `png` into `webp` for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transcode your image from, for example, a `png` original to `webp`
```

derivative images. The setting `"output-format": "jpg"` sets the default for the

> derivative images. This default can be overriden in every `srcset`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
derivative images. This default can be overriden in each `srcset`
```

> specification. In the `large-photo`-example above, by default, all derivative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specification. In the `large-photo` example above, by default, all derivative
```

images will be transcoded into `jpg`, however the line `("600w", ["scale_in 600

> 450 True"], "webp"),` will override this for the specified derivative image. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
450 True"], "webp"),` will override this for this specific derivative image. You
```

> can also specify the original format, by using the keyword `original` instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can also specify that you want to keep the original format, by using the keyword `original` instead of
```

> a image file format specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an image file format specification.
```

this example, it will use the image `640w` from the source `default`.
A list of operations could have been specified instead of `640w`.

> Similar to `responsive image` described above, also `<picture>` allows the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `responsive image` described above, `<picture>` also allows the
```

}
```

### Image File Formats

> *Image Process* uses python's pillow library (PIL) to read and write files. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Image Process* uses Python's Pillow library (PIL) to read and write files. The
```

> file formats, that pillow can read and write depend on libraries/plugins that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file formats that Pillow can read and write depend on libraries/plugins that
```

may or may not be installed on a particular system. While most common image
formats will likely work out of the box (`png`, `jpg`, `jpeg`, `gif`, `tif`,
`webp`), uncommon formats may cause issues depending on the system you are
working on.

> To specify an image format for the derivative image, pillow will infer the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify an image format for the derivative image, Pillow will infer the image
```

format can be written with PIL, but cannot be read. Consequently, it can be used
as `output-format` by *Image Process* but does not work when you attempt to use
it as the original input format.

The ability to *display* a particular image format, depends on the browser.
Modern browsers will typically support the following formats: JPEG, PNG, GIF,
SVG, WebP, AVIF (and ICO).

For displaying images on your pelican website consider the following output formats:

| Format | Best For... | Browser Support |
|---|---|---|
| JPEG | Standard photo (no transparency) | 100% |
| PNG | Graphics including transparency | 100% |
| WebP | All-purpose images (smaller size than JPEG/PNG) | ~97% (modern) |
| AVIF | All-purpose images (smaller size than WebP) | ~94% (latest) |
| GIF | Simple, low-resolution animations. | 100% |

For most use cases, selecting either *WebP* or *AVIF* as output format (setting
`output-format`), with a fallback (setting `default`) of *JPEG* or *PNG* will
give good results.

The *SVG* image format is omitted on purpose from the list above; it is a
*vector* image format (as opposed to the others, which are *raster* formats),

> that is best used for logos and illustrations and you should not blindly convert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is best used for logos and illustrations. You should not blindly convert
```
